it's time to have some fun trust me
we're putting on our cowboy boots and
hat for tonight's up north Josh centers
taken us to a rodeo and superior where
he got a little wild and crazy it's an
American sport it's one of the first
American sports that we've had you know
it's all-america red white and blue or
black and blue I treat it like an
eight-second fistfight sometimes you win
sometimes you lose but your gangster
give it your all and hope it comes out
alright welcome to the 16th annual
northern classic rodeo and superior this
sights and sounds all beginning with the
UH notes you rodeo clown you just try to
you try to keep that energy up so Oh
till I got my brain shook up enough to
be a rodeo clown and then there's those
who own the show the cowboy attitude is
a real important thing I think whenever
i get on i know i can ride him that
doesn't mean i always do but I know I
can do it and what about those cowgirls
rush PES superfine role models for the
future Bell runners and calf ropers but
I could ride you I know in many of my
stories you see me playing riding a back
I don't think so there's gotta be
something I can do though you guys ready
for this the calf chicks max age 13 well
i don't think i have a future in the
cowboy field
so you're the number 10 cafe why you
walking away here it's better to ride
than walk anyway these cowboys and
cowgirls lay it all on the line for the
fans playing a true American sport well
with Twilight telling her in superior
with photographer Danvers I'm Jackie's
any variety biscuits oh yeah nobody
looks for yeah I never thought Josh
would look good in a cowboy hat but he
pulls it off pretty well it's a tough
rugged there you go ahead and tell you
all right
hihi adrenaline like that's it's you get
nervous and then you're excited all at
the same time it all began at a young
age for 21 year-old laura Carter me and
my sister said we wanted a pony she got
us one and then it was downhill from
there but this cow girl is on her way up
she and her 12-year old horse and Nancy
recently won the Minnesota Rodeo
Association finals in barrel racing I
was kind of in shock for a while and
then I had to call like my dad and
everybody else yeah I went last year too
and last year was my first year doing it
so it's pretty cool that we've done it
two years ago now the UMD senior
originally from or is on the move a lot
the animal lover is at rodeos every
weekend when Nancy always by her side
and gearing to go better just screaming
and then your horse is all amped up
because everybody screaming and they can
feel the excitement too they ride every
day together we really learned how to do
it together practicing the ins and outs
of racing around barrows with speed and
determination I like the speed returning
it pretty it's really fun and it won't
be as much fun for Laura without the
horse she's had for the last six years I
don't know what I'd do without her she
is really everything like the connection
just gets you faster faster a friendship
and a working relationship for Laura and
her horse Nancy a fast duo who race with
a lot of heart well when she sees a
barrel pattern she's there and she's
like she's little and she's not really
built for it but she has the heart the
heart of a champion is inside both this
human and horse but for Laura Nancy is
just another one of the girls and I told
everybody knows or two like I said all
I'm going on tried Nancy 40 your horse
okay yeah yeah she's my friend more than
in de loop with photographer Brady Olsen
I'm Josh zemin her eyewitness sports
I wrote a horse once myself yeah we want
my sister gallon as a present how's Kara
okay you need oh I've ridden items you
need to take some lessons okay